Electric Bikes & Scooter in India - Electric Scooty Price, AMO
Product
Jaunty
Jaunty-Plus
Jaunty-Pro
Inspirer
Jaunty-3W
Feisty-Ev
S-pin
Brisk
Quick Links
Test Ride
Retail
Dealer Locator
Service
Contact us
Locate Us
Blog
×
>
Previous
Next
AMO Electric Bikes - Best Electric scooter Price and Electric Bike Price in India
Stylish Damdar Kifayati
Low Price Electric Scooter In India
Price :  ₹ 62,964*
The jaunty e scooter is most prominent, powerful, rough and tough, and an energy-efficient smart electric bike that can go 75-100 plus kilometers on a single charge and provides a healthy speed of 25km/hr. With Jaunty electric scooters, you will have a whole new perspective on the city rush, with the smoothest driving you have ever experienced. Jaunty is the all-in-one solution for
Electric Bikes
.
Know more
Best Electric Scooty In India
Price : ₹ 53,951*
The inspirer e scooty comes with lithium convertible technology, is the revolutionary product of AMO Electric Bikes and a top-notch model that easily attracts you with its ergonomic design with stylish led lights. This electric scooty takes less than 6 hours to charge 100% and 2 hours to charge 60%. The Inspirer is available with exciting warranty features that are bound to appeal to you. In addition, this
electric scooty
is a promising one when it comes to mileage and performance.
Know more
High Speed Electric Scooter
Price :  ₹ 107734*
The Jaunty plus e scooter come under fame subsidy model and has 3 years of warranty. Electric bikes and electric scooters are the products that are attracting the most attention in the media. Their presence serves a variety of interests at a time when the world is seeing a volatile spike in fossil fuel prices as well as the looming threat of climate change. AMO Electric Bikes enters in the rapidly growing electric vehicle market with a vision to convert e mobility into mass mobility.
Know more
Top Electric Scooter in India
Price : ₹ 77,228*
In the face of growing petrol prices, electric bikes are swiftly becoming a feasible option against petrol-powered vehicles. Apart from being ecologically responsible, they are also inexpensive, simple to care for, and beneficial to your budget in the long term. As a result, AMO Electric Bikes has come with Jaunty Pro, an electric bike which lives up to all your expectation.
Know more
Best Electric Bikes In India
Price : ₹ 70,025*
The Feisty EV bike, built for intracity commute, is an exceptionally appealing electric bike having numerous carefully crafted traits, including three different colors, a USB charger, etc. The Fiesty EV, a leading lightweight e bike in the country, helps you to reach a destination without polluting the environment while it is packed with exciting features that will augment the riding experience.
Know more
3 Wheeler Electric Scooter
Price : ₹ 78,819*
When other EV scooter manufacturer concentrated on ordinary consumers, Amo surprised everyone by releasing a cutting-edge electric three-wheeler designed specifically for physically challenged persons. This vast country requires not only a push toward EV transformation but also a consideration for physically challenged consumers. The goal of Jaunty 3W is to provide physically challenged persons with a much-needed next-generation mobility solution that will assist them in getting around quickly.
Know more
Best Battery Scooty In India
Price : ₹ 65,625*
Get ready to drive the most recently launched lightweight electric scooter for extra mileage presented by AMO Electric Bikes. The newest member of the AMO EV family, the Brisk electric scooter, is enhanced with a stunning and pragmatic design to suit the latest trends. With Brisk, range anxiety and excessive maintenance costs are entirely eliminated. Learn more about this lightweight marvel below.
Know more
Note -* Denotes
Electric scooter price
in Delhi/NCR Market. These Electric bike price according to the State & Battery specifications
Electric Scooter in India
With pollution from fossil fuels skyrocketing, the need to reform in the auto and mobility sector was looking necessary. Coupled with rising fuel prices, the situation worsened but with Amo Mobility Solutions’ cutting-edge innovation in the sector, these threats to the environment and your wallet are now reduced considerably.
Here you are witnessing that innovation.
TECHNOLOGY EMPLOYED IN AMO ELECTRIC BIKES IN INDIA
With time, technology has improved our lives. The use of electric bikes rather than petrol-operated bikes is always green for the environment. AMO Electric Bikes always provide you with innovative products with the help of the latest technology; we positioned our technical understanding from pinnacle enterprise professionals. Amo is proud to use eco-friendly materials and measures in electric bikes that will ultimately help in a greener earth initiative.
Eco-friendly Electric Bikes
Amo Electric Bikes care about the prone surroundings to growing pollution, and our emission-free
electric scooter
assists to preserve the surroundings wholesome and greener.
People Centric E Scooty
Amo electric bikes are created with you at the leading edge of our minds. Riding them is pretty easy and pleasant. Because of their simplicity of operation and handling, our electric bikes are designed for family-oriented mobility.
Economical Electric Scooty
The increasing rate of fuel will not be difficult for you and your wallet. Electric scooters from AMO Electric Bikes are lower priced and include low maintenance.
State-of-the-art Electric Scooter
Electric bikes from Amo Mobility Solutions provide you a great experience of riding that guarantees happiness because we use advanced technology and think about our customer’s benefit.
Who we are
AMO Electric Bikes is a manufacturing company of eco-friendly, zero-emission electric bikes in India. We offer the latest technology and solutions to meet our customer’s needs. our electric scooter bike are pocket friendly and include low maintenance charges and meet the Indian standard as well. The most important thing is that we give you a healthy pollution-free environment with our electric bikes. We are prominent for excellent service, which is provided by well-trained experienced staff. Visit your nearest AMO
electric bike dealership
today, and book your favorite EV.
Events
Electric Scooter Jaunty Plus Launch Event
Know more
AMO Motors
AMO Electric Bikes Finance & Insurance Partners
Awards & Certificates - Two wheeler Electric scooter
Previous
Next
India’s G20 Summit Offers Promising Future Globally
Global leaders unite for progress: G20 Summit 2023 promises hope and co-operation
World EV Day 2023: Electric mobility reshaping landscape of transportation
Inside India’s Electric Ambitions: Decoding The Forces Fuelling The EV Revolution
G20 deliberations will significantly impact Indian stock markets and industry
How the EV Startup is Creating a Healthy and Sustainable Environment
Can India become a global manufacturer of electric vehicles?
What are the new investment opportunities in the emerging EV and mobility sectors
AMO Mobility Signs MoU To Supply 10,000 Electric Two-Wheelers To Trigo Electric
AMO Electric Bikes Partners with Trigo Electric to Drive EV Adoption in India
Trigo To Source 10K Electric Bikes From AMO
Trigo Electric to buy 10,000 e-bikes from AMO Mobility for last-mile logistics
AMO Electric Bikes Tie-Up with Trigo Electric to Accelerate EV Adoption in India
AMO Mobility Signs MoU To Supply 10,000 Electric Two-Wheelers To Trigo Electric
Global investors line up for India’s EV explosion
AMO Electric Bikes, Trigo Electric Partner To Drive EV Adoption In India
AMO Mobility, Trigo Electric join forces on 10,000 electric bikes to drive last-mile logistics revolution in India
Understanding Consumer Perspective: Factors Influencing The Purchase Of Electric Two-Wheelers In India
FAME-II Hiccups Have Hit India’s Emobility Ambitions, Policy Needs To Be Reviewed: SMEV
Driving local production: India’s EV industry & aim to 100% make in India EV
FAME-II Subsidy Cut: Customers To Feel The Pinch As Ola, Ather, Matter Hike Escooter Prices
EV industry split on subsidy cut for two-wheelers — forward-looking move or will it dent demand
EV Industry Reacts To FAME II Subsidy Reduction On Electric Two-Wheelers from June
E-scooter firms differ on FAME II subsidy cut impact on sales
FAME-II: Govt Plans To Increase Corpus For 2-Wheelers EV But Cut Per Vehicle Subsidy
AMO Electric jaunty plus price in india as this e-scooter launches on monday
AMO Electric launches Jaunty Plus electric scooter for ?1.10 lakh
Budget 2022: Who said what on EV battery swapping policy
Budget 2022 News, Expectations LIVE: High hopes pinned on Modi
Budget 2022: Infrastructure players call for measures to set the sector rolling
AMO aiming for a top three spot in India: Three electric sco ..  Read more
What Steps Are The Automobile Industries Taking To Electrify
AMO E-Scooter plans to add more than 200 channel partners to its network
AMO Electric Bikes plans to add more than 200 channel partners
AMO E-Bikes plans to increase more than 200 channel partners
National Startup Day 2022: How entrepreneurs are applauding PM
PM's announcement of National Startup Day boosts entrepreneurship;
National Startup Day: What it means to run a startup in India
What National Startup Day means for startups
AMO E-Bikes plans to add more than 200 channel partners to its network
“Innovate for India and Innovate from India”, said the Honourable Prime Minister"
“National Startup day is a validation of start-ups’ role in the growth of India’s GDP”
AMO Electric To Raise $100M, Plans To Roll Out New E-Two-Wheelers
THE DEPENDENCY ON CONVENTIONAL ENERGY HAS TO SHIFT
AMO planning to raise $100 million, talks continue with financial companies
Amo E-Bikes plans to raise 100 million preparing to bring many new products
AMO Electric plans to raise $100 million, preparing to bring many new products
Amo electric plans to raise 100 million preparing to bring many new products
Amo electric plans to raise 100 million discussions with financial companies continue
Amo planning to raise 100 million dollars talks continue with financial companies
amo electric plans to raise 100 million preparing to bring many
Amo Electric Plans To Raise $100 Million, Preparing To Bring Many New Products
Amo electric plans to raise 100 million preparing to bring many new products
Amo electric to raise 100 mn to expand product range sales infra next fiscal
AMO Electric to raise $100 mn; aims to expand product range, sales infra
AMO Electric to raise $100 mn to expand product range, sales infra next fiscal
Startup news and updates: daily roundup (Jan 9, 2022)
AMO Electric to raise $100 mn to expand product range, sales infra next fiscal
AMO Electric To Raise US$ 100 Million Next Fiscal Year
Amo electric to raise 100 mn to expand product range sales infra next fiscal
EV startup AMO Electric to raise $100 million to expand product range
AMO Electric to raise $100 mn to expand product range, sales infra next fiscal
AMO Electric to raise $100 million next fiscal
AMO Electric to raise $100 million to expand product range
Exclusive: Benefits of Electric Vehicles on environment and why you should buy one?
Two-Wheeler Sales October 2021: AMO Electric Records 500 Per Cent Growth
AMO e-bikes aims $200 million investment, logs 5X sales
With a rise in EV adoption, Amo Electric bikes see jump in October demand
AMO Mobility highlights the issue of deforestation through new campaign
Karle Raho Se Yaariyan’ AMO Mobility Launches its New Campaign
Amo mobility to launch high speed electric scooter next month will compete with 125cc vehicles
AMO Mobility to launch Jaunty Plus high-speed electric scooter by next month
AMO Mobility plans to raise around $200 million in three years to fund expansion SECTIONS
AMO Mobility plans to raise around $200 million in 3 years to fund expansion
AMO Mobility aims to raise $200 mn in 3 years to fund expansion
AMO Mobility plans to raise around Rs 1,500 crore in 3 yrs to fund expansion
Amo mobility to raise INR 1500 crore in three years for expansion
Amo mobility aims 350 percent growth in products sales in festive-2021
AMO Electric bets on Jaunty, Inspirer e-scooters for festive.-2021
AMO Electric bets on Jaunty, Inspirer e-scooters for festive flourish- 2021
Financialexpress express mobility amo electric bikes targets 350 plus growth-2021
Latest news amo electric bike without license sale will be up this festive season
Amo electric bikes targets 350 percent growth in sales of its flagship products-2021
Models
Jaunty
Jaunty-Plus
Jaunty-Pro
Inspirer
Jaunty-3W
Feisty-EV
Brisk
S-pin
Insights
About Us
Apply for Dealership
Test Ride
Retail
Service
Blog
Ecommerce Partners
Dealers in Hyderabad
Dealers in Bangalore
Support
Careers
News
Events & Promotions
Contact us
Finance & Insurance
Sitemap
Showroom Near You
Dealers in Delhi
Dealers in Pune
E-12, Sector-63, Noida, PIN-201301
E-mail: contact01@amomobility.com
Phone: +91-01204340949 || +91-7827981071
© AMO Mobility Solutions Pvt. Ltd, All Rights Reserved | Powered by
Amo Electric Bikes
Apply for dealership
close
close